What you will do 

We are looking for a Backend Developer to join our Marketplaces department and become part of the cross-functional Homefinder development team. Together, you will maintain and further develop one of Switzerland’s largest real estate platforms used daily by thousands of users. 

In this role, you will design and develop scalable backend services, build APIs, and help evolve our architecture towards a modern cloud-native platform running on Azure and Kubernetes. You will also contribute to the migration of existing applications from our legacy .NET Framework stack to a modern container-based environment. 

Your responsibilities 

Design, develop, and maintain scalable backend services using .NET Core / ASP.NET 

Build and maintain REST APIs and microservices 

Work with SQL Server and Azure Cosmos DB to manage application data 

Improve search functionality using Elasticsearch 

Deploy and operate applications using Docker and Kubernetes 

Ensure high standards for performance, scalability, security, and reliability 

Monitor, troubleshoot, and resolve production issues 

Collaborate with product managers, designers, and developers to deliver high-quality solutions 

Contribute to the modernization of our platform architecture and rewrite our legacy .NET Framework based backend apps using modern .NET 10 

What you bring 

Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or comparable practical experience 

3+ years of professional backend development experience 

Strong experience with C#, .NET Core / ASP.NET 

Experience building RESTful APIs and microservices 

Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases 

Familiarity with cloud platforms (ideally Azure) 

Experience with Docker and Kubernetes is a plus 

Experience working in agile teams 

Fluent English 

Nice to have 

Experience with vector databases 

Knowledge of Elasticsearch ranking and search optimization 

Experience with event-driven architectures 

Experience building data ingestion pipelines 

 
In return, here is what you can expect from us 

At Comparis, we believe that empowered employees deliver the best results. We cultivate a culture of transparency, mutual respect and trust. Firm believers in lifelong learning, we are always trying out new things and continuously developing – both as individuals and as a team. We also offer flat hierarchies, considerable autonomy and creative freedom, as well as a skilled and motivated team that will advise and support you in your work and make it easy for you to push your own boundaries. Finally, we offer flexible working hours to work from wherever you are and live. 

 
Have we triggered your interest? 

Then don't hesitate and apply for our position today. If you have any questions, Daphne, our People Management Lead, will be happy to help. We look forward to receiving your application!   
 
Note: If you are currently residing abroad and are interested in a fully remote setup, please note that the employment would be arranged through our Employer of Record partner, remote.com, and therefore follow the labor laws and employment conditions of your country of residence.  


We also only consider direct applicants with a maximum time-zone difference of +/- 2 hours from Switzerland (GMT+2). 

comparis.ch Star Icon
View company
Jobs posted: 5

About the job 
Posted on
11 days ago
Apply before
May 27th, 2026
Job type
 Full-Time
Salary
$50,000 - $74,999 USD
Category
Back-End Programming
Country 
🇦🇱 Albania🇧🇦 Bosnia and Herzegovina🇨🇿 Czechia🇬🇷 Greece🇭🇷 Croatia🇭🇺 Hungary🇱🇹 Lithuania🇱🇻 Latvia🇲🇰 North Macedonia🇲🇹 Malta🇵🇱 Poland🇵🇹 Portugal🇷🇴 Romania🇷🇸 Serbia🇸🇮 Slovenia🇸🇰 Slovakia🇹🇷 Türkiye🇺🇦 Ukraine