Avatar for Metriport
Metriport
Actively Hiring
Healthcare data access and management
Top 10% of responders
Responds within a week
Growing fast
Save
Apply Now
Senior Software Engineer
$160k – $220k
|
San Francisco
|Full Time
Posted: 1 week ago• Recruiter recently active
Job Location
San Francisco
Visa Sponsorship
Not Available

Relocation
Not Allowed
About the job
Senior Software Engineer
San Francisco, CA

Metriport is an open-source data intelligence platform that helps healthcare organizations access and exchange patient data in real-time. We integrate with all major US healthcare IT systems and tap into comprehensive medical data for 300+ million individuals.

We've found product-market fit with multi-million ARR, 100+ customers (including Strive Health, Circle Medical, and Brightside Health), backing from top VCs, and years of runway. We're ready to scale. We're a tight-knit, high-performing team of mostly former founders (including two YC alumni). We're engineering-heavy, operate with minimal bureaucracy and high autonomy, and hire based on competence, not prestige. We push hard—founders work six days a week from our SF office—but give everyone freedom to craft their schedule. We measure output and we're committed to sustainable intensity.

About you
In a nutshell, we're looking for “generalist” engineers with the following specific qualities:

You’re entrepreneurial-minded, with an olympian-level work ethic (nearly our entire engineering team consists of former founders).
You are confident in your ability to build scalable systems across the full stack, and people usually come to you for technical guidance.
You believe you can solve any problem that comes at you, and don't shy away from diving deep into areas where you may lack domain expertise.
You have a strong sense of ownership over your work, and have demonstrated the ability to lead others.
You care more about the end result and delivering value to a customer, rather than what new and frilly tech is being used under the hood for a given feature.
When someone scopes out a project with an ETA of 3 weeks, you ask yourself "why can't it be done in 3 days?".
You’re a hacker at heart, and have a good sense of what rules should, and shouldn’t, be broken.
What you'll be doing
After quickly ramping up using our comprehensive onboarding materials to get familiar with our domain, and codebase, the goal would be to get you shipping products directly to customers as quickly as possible. Specifically, day to day, this looks like:

Driving projects, big and small, end-to-end from ideation to production rollout:

Writing project design docs, reviewing them with the team, and incorporating feedback, to come to the best solution.
Getting PRs up for a v0 as quickly as possible to our staging environment, and then rolling out to some pilot customers for production validation, while collaborating with the team as needed.
Getting the solution from v0 to v1 while incorporating customer feedback.
Rolling out the v1 solution to all of our customers.
These projects could include things like:

Scaling out a service built to get us to product-market fit, so it supports 100x the original load.
Identify the main opportunities to manage infra costs, plan and implement changes in the platform to achieve savings while increasing scalability.
Building an OpenSearch cluster to allow healthcare providers to quickly search across a patient's entire medical history.
Transforming incoming TCP messages from hospitals using a 90s era protocol to modern HTTP based webhooks that we route to our customers.
Using LLMs to transform freeform doctors notes into medical data we can add to patient medical records.
Reviewing PRs for other engineers, and knowing when to take extra time to keep quality high versus when to get things out the door quickly.

Managing your own work in Linear.

Participating in bi-weekly sprint planning / retro sessions, and quarterly planning sessions.

Attending a daily 30 minute remote stand-up at 7:30am PST Mon-Fri (our only regular mandatory meeting).

Participating in a daily on-call rotation where you’ll be responsive to alerts, customer issues, and work towards fixing the “important but not urgent” items in our backlog that move the needle on DX-related topics so we can ship quicker as we go.

Requirements
You have 6+ years experience as a full-stack engineer, with a heavy lean towards back-end.
Experience developing and maintaining cloud-based platforms, including scaling it out, infra as code, and monitoring.
Extra points if you have experience processing large amounts of data, including moving it across different services, transforming/consolidating, and building services to query it.
You’re located in San Francisco or the Bay Area (or willing to relocate).
Healthcare experience isn't required, but if the following terms mean something to you, that's a plus: FHIR, HIE, IHE, EHR/EMR, NPI, TEFCA, ADT, HL7, HEDIS, RAF, SNOMED, LOINC, ICD-10, etc.
Benefits
Competitive equity + compensation package 🚀
Full family Platinum health insurance, dental, and vision coverage 🦷
401(k) retirement plan + matching 💰
Flexible work from home or in-office 🏢
Healthy lunches are complimentary when working in-office (and breakfast + dinners as needed) 🍏
Quarterly company off-sites with the team ⛷️
MacBook provided by us 💻
Unlimited PTO (we work hard, but trust you to take time you need to be at your best) 🧘‍♂️
Our tech
On the frontend, we use React - on the backend, we rely on Node.js and TypeScript for writing core business logic. We deploy a wide range of AWS cloud services (ie ECS, Fargate, Lambda, etc), and manage our infrastructure as code with AWS CDK. Data lives in PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, S3, Snowflake, FHIR server, and more.

The ideal person for this role is a generalist who knows how to pick the best tool for the job.

Metriport provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce and welcome people from all backgrounds, experiences, perspectives, and abilities.

