Avatar for Madhive
Madhive
Actively Hiring
The leading technology company engineered for modern TV advertising
B2B
Scale Stage
Valuation $500M+
Save
Apply Now
Software Engineer
$135k – $155k
|
Remote (
United States
)
 • 
Mountain View
|Full Time
Posted: 2 days ago• Recruiter recently active
Job Location
Mountain View
Visa Sponsorship
Not Available

Relocation
Not Allowed
About the job
Madhive is the leading independent and fully customizable operating system built to help local media professionals build profitable, differentiated, and efficient businesses. Madhive empowers sales teams to extend their reach into streaming and connects local advertisers with the communities they serve. Madhive’s platform provides the unique ability to reach local audiences at national scale, with premium supply partnerships and end-to-end tools for planning, targeting, and measuring full-funnel campaign outcomes. Powering campaigns for over 30,000 small and medium businesses per day, Madhive is driving the evolution of local media.

Madhive seeking a Backend Software Engineer to join one of our cross-functional Agile development teams. You will work closely with team members to deliver high-quality, scalable, enterprise-level software systems. In addition, you will get to collaborate with other engineers and be a champion for software development excellence. To be successful, you will need a strong sense of ownership, passion for software development, and the desire to work at the cutting edge of technology.

This is a hybrid role, working 2-3 days a week in our Downtown NYC HQ or our Redwood City, CA office.

What you’ll do

Develop software solving complex problems with simple solutions.
Be an active contributor to writing clean, maintainable code and adherence to coding standards and best practices.
Optimize systems for performance, reliability, scalability, and efficiency.
Debug and troubleshoot issues in production systems.
Conduct code reviews to ensure code quality.
Work directly with other engineers to deliver results
Collaborate effectively with product managers, designers, end users and other stakeholders to ensure alignment with business goals.
Work closely with business oriented personnel to craft solutions for
Communicate technical concepts and decisions to non-technical team members and executives.
Contribute to continuous improvement of team processes and practices.
Who you are:

Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent work experience
Minimum of 2+ years of experience with backend or full stack software engineering
Proficient in at least one modern programming language (for example Go, C#, Java, Kotlin, Rust, etc.)
Experience delivering SaaS software
Knowledge of software design patterns
Experience with API development, including REST or gRPC
Knowledge of secure development principles
Experience with SQL or NoSQL databases
Strong problem-solving and debugging skills
Excellent communication skills and teamwork abilities
Bonus points for:

Golang experience
GCP or AWS experience
Adtech experience
The approximate compensation range for this position is $135,000-$155,000. The actual offer, reflecting the total compensation package and benefits, will be determined by a number of factors, including the applicant's experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, as well as internal equity among our team.

#LI-Hybrid

We are Madhive

Madhive is a dynamic, diverse, innovative, and friendly place to work. We embrace our differences and believe they fuel our creativity. We come from varied backgrounds and think that’s important. Whether it’s taking ideas from previous lives and applying them in different ways or creating something completely new, we are all trail-blazing team players who think big and want to make an impact.

We are committed to cultivating a culture of inclusion and collaboration. We welcome diversity in education, culture, opinions, race, ethnicity, gender identity, veteran status, religion, disability, sexual orientation, and beliefs.

Please be advised that we will NOT be using third-party recruiting agencies for this search.