Software Engineer
$270k – $300k
|
San Francisco
|Full Time
Reposted: yesterday• Recruiter recently active
Job Location
San Francisco
Visa Sponsorship
Not Available

Relocation
Not Allowed
About the job
#TeamNextdoor

Nextdoor is where you connect to the neighborhoods that matter to you so you can belong. Our purpose is to cultivate a kinder world where everyone has a neighborhood they can rely on.

Neighbors around the world turn to Nextdoor daily to receive trusted information, give and get help, get things done, and build real-world connections with those nearby — neighbors, businesses, and public services. Today, neighbors rely on Nextdoor in more than 305,000 neighborhoods across 11 countries.

Meet your Future Neighbors

As a Software Engineer 5 with Nextdoor, Inc. (New York, NY) you’ll:

Work across all phases of software development life cycle within a project to design, code, test and document large, complex software requirements for new or enhanced applications.
Analyze business requirements, and convert requirements into technical specifications.
Collaborate with stakeholders from internal and external teams and fine tune technical specifications and product requirements using relevant metrics.
Design, test, and develop software applications per technical specifications while adhering to software engineering best practices.
Collaborate with other software engineers to evaluate and optimize software applications.
Integrate all modules of software applications and ensure smooth interoperability between the various modules.
Participate in testing and maintenance sprints to ensure that software applications function as per specifications.
Develop engineering design documents to propose implementation and rollout of new features based on business requirements, ensuring alignment among project managers and engineers.
What You’ll Bring to The House

Four (4) years of experience as a Software Engineer, Software Developer, or closely related position. Any suitable combination of education, training and experience is acceptable.
Must have demonstrated ability in the following: Utilizing software development processes across all stages of the software delivery lifecycle, including requirements gathering, technical documentation, system design, implementation, code review, testing, deployment, and production support; Developing scalable, user-facing product features designed for user growth; Designing, executing, and analyzing A/B tests to guide product iteration and strategy; Utilizing JavaScript/TypeScript, React.js, Node.js, Python, Django and SQL to build applications for mobile and web-based platforms; Utilizing GraphQL to create and integrate reusable UI components with backend systems; Leading complex technical initiatives, including large-scale migrations and refactoring projects improve codebase stability; and Collaborating with cross-functional teams including product, design, data, and engineering to deliver and implement software.
Rewards

Compensation, benefits, perks, and recognition programs at Nextdoor come together to create one overall rewards package.

The starting salary for this role is expected to be: $270,000 - $300,000/year.

We also expect to award a meaningful equity grant for this role. With equal quarterly vesting, your first vest date would be within the first 3 months of your start date.

Overall, total compensation will vary depending on your relevant skills, experience, and qualifications.

We have you covered! Nextdoor employees can choose between a variety of great health plans. We cover 100% of your personal monthly premium for health, dental, and vision – and provide a

